Proposal for Final Project
Front End Web Development
Ann Kottner
7/16/17

For my final project, I would like to get a small head start on website I’ve been planning for some time. It’s the foundation of a shared-universe multimedia website that will, I hope, eventually include videos, music, and games as well as the hypertext, interlinked stories that will be its basis.  

Following is the complete site map, which is spelled out in some detail, but my final project would be the first three pages with mostly dead links to the rest of the site:
1. The A to Z “mundane” splash page with mouseover hidden links to:
2. The Acme to Zenith (also known as The Ahz) login pop-up (user types in any username and a “password” automatically fills itself in and takes the user to):
3. The Acme to Zenith splash page with links to the catalog and departments and a separate menu linking (all dead for purposes of this project) to subsidiaries.

No links on the “mundane” A-Z splash page will be live except the hidden mouseover links. I’m not sure this is possible, but I’d like the secondary Acme to Zenith splash page to flash briefly onto the screen on three of the four mouseover links on building itself (link text “Acme” “1,” “Zenith” and “Ahz”); only Ahz leads to the login popup. There are no real accounts; anything the user types will pull up a fake password and take them to the second splash page. 

On the secondary Acme to Zenith splash page, the photo of the building is at night, stars twinkle, windows glow on rollover (these windows will be links in a later iteration). For the purposes of this class project, none of the links on this page will be live, except the “logout” link, which will take users back to the A-Z mundane page.



The Ahz Site Map

I. Mundane Store Splash Page
A. Store w/ building, all menu links to the regular store lead to “site down for maintenance” page								
1. Attribution for color building photo: By Beyond My Ken (Own work) [GFDL (http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html) or CCBYSA3.02.52.01.0 (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/bysa/3.0)], via Wikimedia Commons
2. Attribution for 1895 b&w photo: King, Moses. King’s Photographic Views of New York: A Souvenir Companion to King’s Handbook of New York City. Boston: Moses King, 1895. PDF.
B. Four mouseover links on building itself (link text “Acme” “1,” “Zenith” and “Ahz”) Links to:
II. Acme to Zenith login popup
A.  password fills itself in when user enters a user name.
B. Links to:
III. Acme to Zenith Splash Page
A. Looks like Mundane Store Splash Page but photo is at night, stars twinkle, windows glow on rollover.
B. Side Menu
1. “Welcome” links to:
a. Welcome page. Text: Welcome to the Acme to Zenith Bazaar. If you don’t see what you want in our catalogues, just ask. Our knowledgeable staff of experts, researchers, librarians, and acquisitors—international and interdimensional—are at your disposal. If you can’t get it here, it literally doesn’t exist. But we might be able to get it for you nonetheless [links to “We Can Get It For You Wholesale”]. For a price, of course.
b. Artwork TK
2. Catalogues (with following as dropdowns)
a. “Catalogue Index” leads to: 
(1) Catalogue Index page (two cols.; ongoing, 20 pp.; separate file w/hyperlinks to stories in which those words appear; Art TK)
b. Art and Craft Supplies—Escape Your Influences 
(1) Links to splash page (to be expanded; Art TK)
(2) Text: Everything you need to create, copy, or merely imitate. This catalogue makes no distinction between the performing and fine arts and so-called crafts once represented by the medieval guilds. If it’s made by hand, or performed for an audience, we have the supplies for it.
c. Clothing—Clothes Make the (I)Mage  
(1) Links to splash page (to be expanded; Art TK)
(2) Text: What the well-dressed tinker, tailor, soldier, spy is wearing this season. Clothing and costumes for weddings, funerals, costume parties, ceremonies, sacrifices, all occasions, and fetishes and fandoms. Custom orders welcome. Visit our tailors, or we’ll come to you for fittings.
d. Dungeon Supplies—The Hellfire Club  
(1) Links to splash page (to be expanded; Art TK)
(2) Text: We offer a full range of specialized tools and toys and ordinary household objects for the pleasure of doms or subs, dungeon masters or mistresses and their slaves, or players of all kinds in their own homes. Custom orders are welcome. All orders are discreetly packaged and can be hand delivered. We also build custom spaces and offer training.
e. Dungeon Supplies—Renderings
(1) Links to splash page (to be expanded; Art TK)
(2) Text: The preferred source for all your interrogation needs. Tools, transportation, training. Cash and government purchase orders only.
f. Embalming supplies—Get Stuffed 
(1) Links to splash page (to be expanded; Art TK)
(2) Text: Everything you need to produce that lifelike icon for display, or strip it down to its skeletal remains and mount it.
g. Food Halls & Catering—TK
(1) Links to splash page (to be expanded; Art TK)
(2) Text: TK
h. Legal Instruments—First Thing We Do
(1) Links to splash page (to be expanded; Art TK)
(2) Text: A full selection of lawyers, adjudicators, obfuscating obscurantisms,  and neverending forms. 
i. Musical Instruments—And the Band Played On 
(1) Links to splash page (to be expanded; Art TK)
(2) Text: Offering an all-inclusive range of ancient, early, modern and one of a kind instruments, including those by master makers.
j. Mythological and Legendary Creatures—Can I Keep It?
(1) Links to splash page (to be expanded; Art TK)
(2) Text: Creatures extinct, mythological, legendary, cryptozoological, and fictional from cultures and stories around the worlds, as well as supplies for their care and feeding.
k. Religious Paraphernalia—Hieratica 
(1) Links to splash page (to be expanded; Art TK)
(2) Text: Holy books, writings, and relics; church and temple furnishings, designs and materials; clothing, headgear, and accoutrements; ritual objects, altars, and monuments (links to “Of Mice and Menhirs”; hierarchies, heresies, and officials. Just add worshippers.
l. Science Lab and Alchemical supplies—Newton’s Secret 
(1) Links to splash page (to be expanded; Art TK)
(2) Text: Chemicals and biological materials in bulk; natural and organic apothecary-grade botanicals and supplies; lab ware, glassware, scientific instruments, microscopes, telescopes, crucibles, furnaces, stills, etc. Materials and instruments to help you build or equip your lab. Kits for students. Lab design, cleanup, and disposal of hazardous materials.
m. Signs & Wonders —It’s a Miracle! 
(1) Links to splash page (to be expanded; Art TK)
(2) Text: Need a little credibility with your congregation, or just a distraction? We’ve got everything from natural disasters to instantaneous cures.
n. Steampunk World—Tick-Tock Argonaut 
(1) Links to splash page (to be expanded; Art TK)
(2) Text: Straight from alternate universes, steampunk devices for cosplay and profit. Need a Tesla Death Ray? A clockwork angel? Brass goggles? We’ve got them.
o. Surgical and Medical Supplies—The First Cut  
(1) Links to splash page (to be expanded; Art TK)
(2) Text: TK 
p. Technology—Geek Paradise 
(1) Links to splash page (to be expanded; Art TK)
(2) Text: TK
q. Weapons New and Antique—To Arms! 
(1) Links to splash page (to be expanded; Art TK)
(2) Text: TK
3. Departments  (with following as dropdowns)
a. Appraisals and Auctions 
(1) Links to splash page (to be expanded; Art TK)
(2) Text: Found a painting in your attic? Think it might be another Picasso or Holbein? Bring it and your other family treasures in and we'll appraise them. And if it's not an Old Master, we can fix that, too. Our auction house will get you top dollar for it as well.
b. Art and Antiques
(1) Links to splash page 9to be expanded; Art TK)
(2) Text: Looking for a special piece for your collection? We know where to find it, and how to get it. We'll find those hard to get vintage supplies for your fine reproductions as well.
c. Books and Incunabula 
(1) Links to splash page (to be expanded; Art TK)
(2) Text: TK
d. Embalming and Taxidermy
(1) Links to splash page (to be expanded; Art TK)
(2) Text: By special appointment to the Soviet Government. We guarantee a lifelike presentation, and authenticlooking fantastical presentations. Your onestopshop for relics, national idols, and cryptozoological specimens.
e. Food Halls & Catering
(1) Links to splash page (to be expanded; Art TK)
(2) Text: TK
f. Geekdom (Third Floor)
(1) Links to splash page (to be expanded; Art TK)
(2) Text: We have computer (hardware and software) and electronics experts, Steampunk enthusiasts, engineers, mathematicians, philologists and etymologists, geeks who moonlight in our Science department, scientists who moonlight in our Geek department; historians and gamers, role players and dungeon masters (of all kinds). Whatever it is, we’ll help you get your geek on.
g. Historical Accuracies and Anachronisms.
(1) Links to:  Splash page (to be expanded; Art TK)
(2) Text:  Consult with our time travel and historical experts on the events and paraphernalia of previous and future ages. Spotted an anachronism? If you see something, say something. Nobody wants a paradox disrupting their breakfast.
h. Hobbies & Pets (Includes Mythological Creatures)
(1) Links to splash page (to be expanded; Art TK)
(2) Text: If you do it for fun, we have experts in it who can help you find equipment, spaces, materials, even likeminded partners.
i. Masters of War 
(1) Links to splash page (to be expanded; Art TK)	
(2) Text: We offer the services of spies (links to “The Spies Who Loved Us”), diplomats, disaster capitalists, and political meddling and social engineering experts to help you foment chaos and disorder, and use it to your advantage. We’ll help you raise an army and supply the weapons and explosives; ask our experts what's right for your job! 	
j. Printing  
(1) Links to splash page (to be expanded; Art TK)
(2) Text: Our printing facilities include equipment from every age of the art, from an authentic Gutenberg press to the latest digital processes for printing stationery, wedding and party invitations, vanity press editions, seditious documents, banned books, censored and interdicted materials, underground newspapers, samizdat, broadsheets, squibs, government documents, diplomatic and alternate identity credentials on a wide selection of paper and paper alternatives.
k. Religions and Beliefs 
(1) Links to splash page (to be expanded; Art TK)
(2) Text: We have a number of experts on the objects, dogmas, and manipulation of the world's religions large and small, orthodox and heretical, mainstream and fringe, ancient and modern. We can help you start a new one, or make an old one fizzle out.
l. Sciences, Social Sciences, PseudoSciences, and Junk “Science”
(1) Links to splash page; to be expanded; Art TK) 
(2) Text: Supplies and theories for biology, chemistry, physics, mathematics, medicine (Eastern and Western); engineering, anthropology, psychology, sociology, political science, information and economics; alchemy, magic and various branches of healing woo (homeopathy, crystal healing, reiki, etc.). Natural and organic botanicals and apothecary supplies, including placebo effects.
4. Staff Directory (drop down menu with links to each individual’s story; flash fiction?)
a. Acquisitor
b. Department Heads
c. Various Specialists (TK)
5. Contact Us (with following as dropdowns)
a. To make an appointment: appointments@acme-2-zenith.com forwards to:
(1) email link (gmail account for feedback)
(1) 
(2) Mail Order Payment: Donate button linked to Patreon
b. Web address: www.acme2zenith.net
c. Interdimensional coordinates
d. Local address: 
               McLeod Building
               18th Street and Broadway 
               New York, NY
6. Patreon Donate Button
C. Each building floor on the photo is also a link to supplemental catalogs and departments.
1. Basements
a. Link in sketched-in basement floors
(1) Food halls
(2) Sub Basement
(a)  Printing Dept. (links to department story)
(3) Sub-sub Basement:
(a) Dungeon Supplies—The Hellfire Club (links to catalogue splash page)
(b) Dungeon Supplies—Renderings (links to catalogue splash page)
(c) Tunnel to...?
2. Ground Floor:
a. Clothing—Clothes Make the (I)Mage (links to catalogue splash page)
b. Steampunk World—Tick-Tock Went the Angel (links to catalogue splash page)
c. Historical Accuracy and Anachronisms Dept. (links to department story)
3. Second Floor
a. Geekdom (links to department story)
b. Technology—Geek Paradise (links to catalogue splash page)
c. Signs & Wonders —It’s a Miracle! (links to catalogue splash page)
4. Third Floor
a. Religious Paraphernalia— Hieratica (links to catalogue splash page)
b. Religions and Beliefs Dept.  (links to department story, “Sinners and Saints”)
5. Fourth Floor 
a. Embalming and Taxidermy Dept. (links to department story)
b. Hobbies Dept. (links to department story)
c. Embalming supplies—Get Stuffed  (links to catalogue splash page)
d. Art and Craft Supplies—Escape Your Influences (links to catalogue splash page)
6. Fifth Floor
a. Weapons New and Antique—To Arms! (links to catalogue splash page)
b. Masters of War Dept. (links to department story)
7. Sixth Floor
a. Sciences, Social Sciences, PseudoSciences, and Junk Sciences Dept.  (links to department story)
b. Surgical and Medical Supplies—The First Cut  (links to catalogue splash page)
c. Science Lab and Alchemical supplies—Newton’s Secret (links to catalogue splash page)
8. Seventh Floor
a. Appraisals and Auctions (links to department story)
b. Art and Antiques (links to department story)
c. Books and Incunabula (links to department story)
9. Eighth Floor
a. Musical Instruments—And the Band Played On (links to catalogue splash page)
10. Ninth Floor
a.  Legal Dept. (links to department story)
b. First Thing We Do (links to catalogue splash page)
11. Tenth Floor
a. Administrative offices, conference rooms, 
b. Portals (use Barcelona doors?)
12. Roof Palisade
a. Gargoyles
13. Tower
a. Chief Acquisitor’s/Owner’s Residences (Links to “Sympathy for the Devil”)
D. Subsidiaries
1. Central Park Zoo—Mythological and Legendary Creatures—Can I Keep It?  (links to catalogue splash page)
2. TK Gallery
3. TK Productions
4. TK Security
5. TK Food & Beverage
6. TK Expeditions

